README.md, before:

﻿# neetcode-solutions

Solutions for problems in Neetcode's Roadmap: https://neetcode.io/roadmap

Problems have solved:
- Contains Duplicate (java, python)
- Group Anagrams (java, python)
- Top K Frequent Elements (python)
- Two Integer Sum II (python)
- Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation (python)
- Search a 2D Matrix (python)
- Permutation in String (python)
- Maximum Subarray (python)
- 116. Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node (python)
- 151. Reverse Words in a String (python)
- 206. Reverse Linked List (python)
- 125. Valid Palindrome (python, java)
- 238. Product of Array Except Self (python)
- 235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree (python)
- 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal (python)
- 128. Longest Consecutive Sequence (python)
- 15. 3Sum (python)
- 22. Generate Parentheses (python)
- 242. Valid Anagram (java)
- 1. Two Sum (java)
- 20. Valid Parentheses

Solutions for SQL problems in Leetcode's SQL 50 Study Plan: https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-sql-50/

Problems have solved:
- Invalid Tweets
- Big Countries
- Product Sales Analysis I
- Managers with at Least 5 Direct Reports
- Confirmation Rate
- Not Boring Movies
- Project Employees I
- Second Highest Salary
- 550. Game Play Analysis IV
- 1378. Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier
- 1633. Percentage of Users Attended a Contest
- 1070. Product Sales Analysis III
- 1045. Customers Who Bought All Products
- 1193. Monthly Transactions I
- 1174. Immediate Food Delivery II
- 180. Consecutive Numbers
- 1164. Product Price at a Given Date
- 1204. Last Person to Fit in the Bus
- 1907. Count Salary Categories
- 626. Exchange Seats

Commit message:

add java solution for leetcode 121

README.md, after:

﻿# neetcode-solutions

Solutions for problems in Neetcode's Roadmap: https://neetcode.io/roadmap

Problems have solved:
- Contains Duplicate (java, python)
- Group Anagrams (java, python)
- Top K Frequent Elements (python)
- Two Integer Sum II (python)
- Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation (python)
- Search a 2D Matrix (python)
- Permutation in String (python)
- Maximum Subarray (python)
- 116. Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node (python)
- 151. Reverse Words in a String (python)
- 206. Reverse Linked List (python)
- 125. Valid Palindrome (python, java)
- 238. Product of Array Except Self (python)
- 235. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree (python)
- 102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal (python)
- 128. Longest Consecutive Sequence (python)
- 15. 3Sum (python)
- 22. Generate Parentheses (python)
- 242. Valid Anagram (java)
- 1. Two Sum (java)
- 20. Valid Parentheses (java)
- 121. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock (java)

Solutions for SQL problems in Leetcode's SQL 50 Study Plan: https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-sql-50/

Problems have solved:
- Invalid Tweets
- Big Countries
- Product Sales Analysis I
- Managers with at Least 5 Direct Reports
- Confirmation Rate
- Not Boring Movies
- Project Employees I
- Second Highest Salary
- 550. Game Play Analysis IV
- 1378. Replace Employee ID With The Unique Identifier
- 1633. Percentage of Users Attended a Contest
- 1070. Product Sales Analysis III
- 1045. Customers Who Bought All Products
- 1193. Monthly Transactions I
- 1174. Immediate Food Delivery II
- 180. Consecutive Numbers
- 1164. Product Price at a Given Date
- 1204. Last Person to Fit in the Bus
- 1907. Count Salary Categories
- 626. Exchange Seats
